And now, let's have a look at different domains in the AWS Certified
Machine Learning ‑ Specialty exam and how the different stages in the
machine learning pipeline we introduced earlier map to those domains.
On the left is an excerpt from AWS Certified Machine Learning ‑
Specialty exam guide.
As of March 2020, with the version number designated below,
the exam is divided into four domains: data engineering,
exploratory data analysis, modeling, and machine learning
implementation and operations.
While the right part is the machine learning pipeline,
the data engineering part, which accounts for 20% of your score,
corresponds to the data sourcing part in the machine learning pipeline.
The exploratory data analysis part, which accounts for 24% of your score,
corresponds to the data preparation part in the machine learning pipeline.
Notice how the first two domains,
namely data engineering and exploratory data
analysis, weight 44% of your exam score.
This is understandable since you will be spending 70
to 80% of your effort over here,
as we discussed earlier. The modeling part weighs 36% of the exam score
and corresponds to problem definition, model training, on model
evaluation parts of the machine learning pipeline.
I understand why Amazon assigned such a high score to this domain,
since it is where the core machine learning knowledge lies.
The final domain, which is machine learning implementation and operations,
corresponds to 20% of the exam score, and this part corresponds to
model deployment and model monitoring of the machine learning
pipeline. The operationalizational phase.
I need to clearly state that our course focus will be exclusively the
exploratory data analysts part, which corresponds to the data preparation part of the machine learning pipeline, the purple color.